Add doc for Media Type MediaFile (#395)
livingdocsIO/documentation: content/enterprise/guides/media-library/index.md

```js
//media-types/image.js
module.exports = {

>   handle: 'image', // the handle is free, but one mediaImage must have the handle 'image'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  handle: 'image', // one mediaImage must have the handle 'image', additional ones can be named as you like
```

Nevertheless if you find solutions to these problems outside of Livingdocs, you can very well make use of the Video Management System already.

### Server Config

You need to make sure your Media Library can [store videos]({{< ref "/enterprise/reference-docs/server-configuration#media-library-dam" >}}).

### Basic Media Type
Let's setup a `mediaType` for the videos. You add it to your [project config]({{< ref "/enterprise/reference-docs/project-config/project-config" >}}) in an array at the top-level property `mediaTypes`.

```js
//media-types/video.js
module.exports = {

>   handle: 'video', // the handle is free, but one mediaVideo must have the handle 'video'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  handle: 'video', // one mediaVideo must have the handle 'video', additional ones can be named as you like
```

  // ...
}
```

## Files

Since `release-2021-06` you can manage other files than videos and images with the Livingdocs Media Library as well.

### Server Config

You need to make sure your Media Library can [store files]({{< ref "/enterprise/reference-docs/server-configuration#media-library-dam" >}}).

### Basic Media Type
Let's setup a `mediaType` for the files. You add it to your [project config]({{< ref "/enterprise/reference-docs/project-config/project-config" >}}) in an array at the top-level property `mediaTypes`.

```js
//media-types/file.js
module.exports = {

>   handle: 'file', // the handle is free, but one mediaFile must have the handle 'file'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  handle: 'file', // one mediaFile must have the handle 'file', additional ones can be named as you like
```

  // ...
}
```

## Files

> Since `release-2021-06` you can manage your Files with the Livingdocs Media Library as well. It works pretty similar to the images. The solution still has some shortcomings you need to be aware of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since `release-2021-06` you can manage other files than videos and images with the Livingdocs Media Library as well. It works pretty similar to the images. The solution still has some shortcomings you need to be aware of:
```

> - No render strategies or file services like you know them from images are available yet. That means the system works well if you render from the JSON in the delivery, but not so well if you let Livingdocs do the rendering to HTML.

Reviewer: We currently add a link to the file to a paragraph. I guess the `services` in `file services` is referring to the image services, I would not mention that. I don't see why one would want to have anything like that for files.

Reviewer: Also, it's not the same like with videos where you really want to do something with the directive data (therefore: render from JSON).
With files, this is not the case. Works perfectly fine with the `a` tags imo.

### Server Config

You need to make sure your Media Library can [store files]({{< ref "/enterprise/reference-docs/server-configuration#media-library-dam" >}}).

### Basic Media Type
Let's setup a `mediaType` for the files. You add it to your [project config]({{< ref "/enterprise/reference-docs/project-config/project-config" >}}) in an array at the top-level property `mediaTypes`.

```js
//media-types/file.js
module.exports = {
  type: 'mediaFile', // the type is either 'mediaImage' or 'mediaVideo' or 'mediaFile'

>   handle: 'file', // you can name this as you like

Reviewer: There has to be one that is named `file` for now.
